Rprout slate doc dev (#264)
olcf/olcf-user-docs: services_and_applications/slate/overview.rst

*****************************
Overview
*****************************

> *Slate* is the high-level service name referring to two user
> facing OpenShift clusters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Slate* provides container orchestration services that support a user project's existing Summit and Alpine allocations. The Slate service today consists two user facing OpenShift clusters which each provide capabilities unique to the security enclave that they are in.
```

Reviewer: I don't love the wording but I think we should talk more about what Slate is overall

| OpenShift is a container orchestration system built on top of Kubernetes and supported by Red Hat. 
  Kubernetes provides a rich API and workload primitives that allows users to manage the application 
  deployments of long running services such as web servers and databases.

| OpenShift is a Kubernetes Certified Platform. This means that all of the functionality that is
  in Kubernetes is also implemented in OpenShift. OpenShift has extra functionality built on 

>   top though, such as the container builder and integrated registry services.

Reviewer: I say we move this to under the "What is OpenShift" header at the bottom

Author: sound good. will do. Thanks!
